README.md, before:

# Integration Guide: Takeoff with Snowflake

## Table of Contents

- [Project Title](#project-title)
  - [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [About ](#about-)
  - [Getting Started ](#getting-started-)
    - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
    - [Step by step guide](#step-by-step-guide)

## About <a name = "about"></a>

This guide will help you integrate Takeoff with Snowflake by pushing images to Snowpark Container Services and setting up a service using a YAML spec file.

## Getting Started <a name="getting_started"></a>

Begin by familiarizing yourself with the foundational concepts and configurations required for Snowpark Container Services. A detailed introduction and step-by-step setup can be found in the official [Snowflake Quickstart Guide](https://quickstarts.snowflake.com/guide/intro_to_snowpark_container_services/index.html#0).

### Prerequisites

Before you start, ensure you have the following:
- A non-trial Snowflake account with `ACCOUNTADMIN` role privileges.
- Visual Studio Code installed with the Snowflake extensions enabled.
  
This setup is essential for managing the Snowflake configurations and executing SQL scripts necessary for the integration.


## Step-by-Step Setup Guide

Follow these detailed steps to complete the integration of Takeoff with Snowflake. Each step includes precise actions required to configure and verify each part of the process, ensuring a successful setup. Please refer to the main setup guide for detailed commands and further instructions on executing SQL scripts and managing Docker images within Snowflake.


### Step 1: Connect to Snowflake in VSCode
Ensure you have the VSCode Snowflake extension setup and connect to your Snowflake account.

### Step 2: Initialize Snowpark Environment
Execute the `setup_00.sql` to set up the roles, databases, warehouses, and stages required for Snowpark Container Services.

### Step 3: Configure OAuth and Compute Resources
Run `setup_01.sql` to configure OAuth, network policies, and compute resources (GPU).

### Step 4: Verify Image Repositories
Use the SQL command below to list your image repositories:

```sql
SHOW IMAGE REPOSITORIES IN SCHEMA CONTAINER_HOL_DB.PUBLIC;
```
**Example Output**:
![Show Image repositories](image.png)

- **Important**: Notice the difference between REPOSITORY_URL and REGISTRY_HOSTNAME:

```
# example output
REPOSITORY_URL: fqlpbpi-ga70241.registry.snowflakecomputing.com/container_hol_db/public/image_repo
REGISTRY_HOSTNAME: fqlpbpi-ga70241.registry.snowflakecomputing.com
```


### Step 5: Docker Login
Login to the Snowflake repository using the Docker CLI:

```bash
docker login <REGISTRY_HOSTNAME> -u <username>
```

### Step 6: Push the Takeoff Image
Tag and push the Takeoff image to the remote repository:

```bash
docker tag tytn/takeoff:0.14.3-gpu <REPOSITORY_URL>/takeoff:dev
docker push <REPOSITORY_URL>/takeoff:dev
```

### Step 7: Verify the Image Upload
Check if the image is successfully listed in the Snowpark registry:

```sql
USE ROLE CONTAINER_USER_ROLE;
CALL SYSTEM$REGISTRY_LIST_IMAGES('/CONTAINER_HOL_DB/PUBLIC/IMAGE_REPO');
```

**Example Output**:
![takeoff iamge list](image-1.png)

## Creating a Service with Snowflake

### Step 8: Prepare the Spec YAML
Ensure the Snowflake CLI is installed (refer to [Snowflake's Quickstart Guide](https://quickstarts.snowflake.com/guide/intro_to_snowpark_container_services/index.html#2)). Push the `takeoff-snowflake.yaml` file:

```bash
snow object stage copy src/takeoff-snowflake.yaml @specs --overwrite --connection CONTAINER_hol
```

**Example Output**:
![takoeff spec upload](image-2.png)

### Step 9: Create and Test the Service
Create the service using `takeoff_service.sql` and verify its status:

```sql
CALL SYSTEM$GET_SERVICE_STATUS('CONTAINER_HOL_DB.PUBLIC.TAKEOFF_SERVICE');
CALL SYSTEM$GET_SERVICE_LOGS('CONTAINER_HOL_DB.PUBLIC.TAKEOFF_SERVICE', '0', 'takeoff', 50);
```

### Step 10: Access Takeoff via Ingress URL
Retrieve the service endpoint:

```sql
SHOW ENDPOINTS IN SERVICE TAKEOFF_SERVICE;
```

**Example Output**:
![takeoff ingress](image-3.png)


Now you can use your favourate browser go to the ingress url and try out takeoff!

![Snowflake Oauth](image-4.png)

Enter your username and password and then you should see takeoff frontend:

![takeoff frontend](image-5.png)


---

Commit message:

docs: add images to assets and update links

README.md, after:

# Integration Guide: Takeoff with Snowflake

## Table of Contents

- [Project Title](#project-title)
  - [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [About ](#about-)
  - [Getting Started ](#getting-started-)
    - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
    - [Step by step guide](#step-by-step-guide)

## About <a name = "about"></a>

This guide will help you integrate Takeoff with Snowflake by pushing assets/images to Snowpark Container Services and setting up a service using a YAML spec file.

## Getting Started <a name="getting_started"></a>

Begin by familiarizing yourself with the foundational concepts and configurations required for Snowpark Container Services. A detailed introduction and step-by-step setup can be found in the official [Snowflake Quickstart Guide](https://quickstarts.snowflake.com/guide/intro_to_snowpark_container_services/index.html#0).

### Prerequisites

Before you start, ensure you have the following:
- A non-trial Snowflake account with `ACCOUNTADMIN` role privileges.
- Visual Studio Code installed with the Snowflake extensions enabled.
  
This setup is essential for managing the Snowflake configurations and executing SQL scripts necessary for the integration.


## Step-by-Step Setup Guide

Follow these detailed steps to complete the integration of Takeoff with Snowflake. Each step includes precise actions required to configure and verify each part of the process, ensuring a successful setup. Please refer to the main setup guide for detailed commands and further instructions on executing SQL scripts and managing Docker assets/images within Snowflake.


### Step 1: Connect to Snowflake in VSCode
Ensure you have the VSCode Snowflake extension setup and connect to your Snowflake account.

### Step 2: Initialize Snowpark Environment
Execute the `setup_00.sql` to set up the roles, databases, warehouses, and stages required for Snowpark Container Services.

### Step 3: Configure OAuth and Compute Resources
Run `setup_01.sql` to configure OAuth, network policies, and compute resources (GPU).

### Step 4: Verify assets/image Repositories
Use the SQL command below to list your assets/image repositories:

```sql
SHOW assets/image REPOSITORIES IN SCHEMA CONTAINER_HOL_DB.PUBLIC;
```
**Example Output**:
![Show assets/image repositories](assets/image.png)

- **Important**: Notice the difference between REPOSITORY_URL and REGISTRY_HOSTNAME:

```
# example output
REPOSITORY_URL: fqlpbpi-ga70241.registry.snowflakecomputing.com/container_hol_db/public/assets/image_repo
REGISTRY_HOSTNAME: fqlpbpi-ga70241.registry.snowflakecomputing.com
```


### Step 5: Docker Login
Login to the Snowflake repository using the Docker CLI:

```bash
docker login <REGISTRY_HOSTNAME> -u <username>
```

### Step 6: Push the Takeoff assets/image
Tag and push the Takeoff assets/image to the remote repository:

```bash
docker tag tytn/takeoff:0.14.3-gpu <REPOSITORY_URL>/takeoff:dev
docker push <REPOSITORY_URL>/takeoff:dev
```

### Step 7: Verify the assets/image Upload
Check if the assets/image is successfully listed in the Snowpark registry:

```sql
USE ROLE CONTAINER_USER_ROLE;
CALL SYSTEM$REGISTRY_LIST_assets/imageS('/CONTAINER_HOL_DB/PUBLIC/assets/image_REPO');
```

**Example Output**:
![takeoff iamge list](assets/image-1.png)

## Creating a Service with Snowflake

### Step 8: Prepare the Spec YAML
Ensure the Snowflake CLI is installed (refer to [Snowflake's Quickstart Guide](https://quickstarts.snowflake.com/guide/intro_to_snowpark_container_services/index.html#2)). Push the `takeoff-snowflake.yaml` file:

```bash
snow object stage copy src/takeoff-snowflake.yaml @specs --overwrite --connection CONTAINER_hol
```

**Example Output**:
![takoeff spec upload](assets/image-2.png)

### Step 9: Create and Test the Service
Create the service using `takeoff_service.sql` and verify its status:

```sql
CALL SYSTEM$GET_SERVICE_STATUS('CONTAINER_HOL_DB.PUBLIC.TAKEOFF_SERVICE');
CALL SYSTEM$GET_SERVICE_LOGS('CONTAINER_HOL_DB.PUBLIC.TAKEOFF_SERVICE', '0', 'takeoff', 50);
```

### Step 10: Access Takeoff via Ingress URL
Retrieve the service endpoint:

```sql
SHOW ENDPOINTS IN SERVICE TAKEOFF_SERVICE;
```

**Example Output**:
![takeoff ingress](assets/image-3.png)


Now you can use your favourate browser go to the ingress url and try out takeoff!

![Snowflake Oauth](assets/image-4.png)

Enter your username and password and then you should see takeoff frontend:

![takeoff frontend](assets/image-5.png)


---
